README.md, before:

# 🐇 Nakazawa - A Delightful Bunny Experience! 🥕 

Welcome to the **Nakazawa** project! This repository contains a fun and interactive web application dedicated to providing an enchanting experience with bunnies. From the stunning visuals to engaging interactions, this project is designed for all bunny lovers out there! 🎉

---

## 📜 Summary of Project

The Nakazawa project is a progressive web application (PWA) that delivers a delightful experience with playful animations and friendly bunnies. This web app includes elements such as confetti on click, service worker caching for offline access, and a modern design featuring a colorful bunny theme. It's a perfect example of blending creativity with technology to create engaging user experiences. 🐰💖

---

## 🚀 How to Use

To help you get started with Nakazawa, follow these simple steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/harperreed/nakazawa.git
   cd nakazawa
   ```

2. **Open the Application**:
   Open the `index.html` file in your preferred web browser:
   ```bash
   open index.html  # For macOS
   start index.html # For Windows
   ```

3. **Explore the Experience**:
   - Click anywhere on the screen to see confetti fall!
   - Enjoy the lovely visuals and the delightful rabbit theme.

4. **Deploy**:
   If you'd like to deploy the application, consider using services like Netlify or Vercel for easy integration and hosting.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Info

The Nakazawa project is powered by a variety of technologies:

- **HTML5**: The structure of the website is built using semantic HTML.
- **CSS**: The styles are designed for an engaging user interface.
- **JavaScript**: 
  - Features such as confetti celebrations use the Canvas API.
  - Implements a service worker (sw.js) for offline mode and asset caching.
- **Manifest File**: A `manifest.json` file to enhance the mobile web app experience.
- **SVG Graphics**: Includes impressive vector graphics for creating icons and UI elements.
  
Additionally, the project employs standard security headers in `netlify.toml` to ensure a secure environment for users. 🔒

---

Feel free to explore, contribute, and enjoy the process of creating delightful experiences with this project! For any questions or contributions, please reach out or open an issue on GitHub. 

Let's make the web more fun, one bunny at a time! 🥳✨ 

---

For more details, visit the repo at [harperreed/nakazawa](https://github.com/harperreed/nakazawa). 

Happy coding! 💻❤️

Commit message:

Refactor to use Parcel for build
Refactor the project to use Parcel for building and bundling.

* **Add `package.json`**:
  - Add Parcel as a dependency.
  - Add build scripts for development and production.
  - Add dependencies for external libraries (`canvas-confetti` and `tinylytics`).

* **Modify `index.html`**:
  - Remove direct inclusion of external libraries via CDN links.

* **Update `README.md`**:
  - Add instructions for installing dependencies, running the development server, and building for production using Parcel.
  - Add information about Parcel in the project description.

* **Add `.parcelrc`**:
  - Add a Parcel configuration file with default settings.

---

For more details, open the [Copilot Workspace session](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/harperreed/nakazawa.com?shareId=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX).

README.md, after:

# 🐇 Nakazawa - A Delightful Bunny Experience! 🥕 

Welcome to the **Nakazawa** project! This repository contains a fun and interactive web application dedicated to providing an enchanting experience with bunnies. From the stunning visuals to engaging interactions, this project is designed for all bunny lovers out there! 🎉

---

## 📜 Summary of Project

The Nakazawa project is a progressive web application (PWA) that delivers a delightful experience with playful animations and friendly bunnies. This web app includes elements such as confetti on click, service worker caching for offline access, and a modern design featuring a colorful bunny theme. It's a perfect example of blending creativity with technology to create engaging user experiences. 🐰💖

---

## 🚀 How to Use

To help you get started with Nakazawa, follow these simple steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/harperreed/nakazawa.git
   cd nakazawa
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**:
   Install the required dependencies using npm:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the Application**:
   Start the development server using Parcel:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

4. **Open the Application**:
   Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:1234` to see the application in action.

5. **Build for Production**:
   To create a production build, run:
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

6. **Explore the Experience**:
   - Click anywhere on the screen to see confetti fall!
   - Enjoy the lovely visuals and the delightful rabbit theme.

7. **Deploy**:
   If you'd like to deploy the application, consider using services like Netlify or Vercel for easy integration and hosting.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Info

The Nakazawa project is powered by a variety of technologies:

- **HTML5**: The structure of the website is built using semantic HTML.
- **CSS**: The styles are designed for an engaging user interface.
- **JavaScript**: 
  - Features such as confetti celebrations use the Canvas API.
  - Implements a service worker (sw.js) for offline mode and asset caching.
- **Parcel**: A zero-configuration build tool that handles bundling, minification, and other optimizations.
- **Manifest File**: A `manifest.json` file to enhance the mobile web app experience.
- **SVG Graphics**: Includes impressive vector graphics for creating icons and UI elements.
  
Additionally, the project employs standard security headers in `netlify.toml` to ensure a secure environment for users. 🔒

---

Feel free to explore, contribute, and enjoy the process of creating delightful experiences with this project! For any questions or contributions, please reach out or open an issue on GitHub. 

Let's make the web more fun, one bunny at a time! 🥳✨ 

---

For more details, visit the repo at [harperreed/nakazawa](https://github.com/harperreed/nakazawa). 

Happy coding! 💻❤️
